feat: allow user to sample on root span context (#981)
honeycombio/refinery: rules_conditions.md

    Datatype: int
```

> ## Adding Span Context to Conditions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using a Prefix to Identify a Field in a Related Span
```

> You can limit conditions to a particular span context. Right now, the `root` prefix is the only context supported. 
> This limits matching spans to those where the root span matches the condition. Note that this behavior obsoletes matching 
> specific spans within a trace since the entire trace shares a root span. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields can contain a span selection prefix. Today, the only prefix supported is `root`.
This prefix causes the root span to be searched for the specified field, rather than the span being evaluated.
```
